documentation for dkg create (#729)
iron-fish/website: content/get-started/cli-cmd-wallet-multisig-dkg-create.mdx

---
title: wallet:multisig:dkg:create
seo: Wallet Multisig DKG Create
---

Performs the entire process of creating a multisignature account using the Distributed Key Generation (DKG) protocol.

This CLI command is a shortcut for running the following commands in sequence:

1. [`wallet:multisig:dkg:round1`](/use/get-started/cli-cmd-wallet-multisig-dkg-round1)
2. [`wallet:multisig:dkg:round2`](/use/get-started/cli-cmd-wallet-multisig-dkg-round2)
3. [`wallet:multisig:dkg:round3`](/use/get-started/cli-cmd-wallet-multisig-dkg-round3)

> This command has built in retry logic to handle failures and will not create the account until the DKG process is successfully run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command has built-in retry logic to handle failures and will not create the account until the DKG process is successfully run.
```

> Further more, a primary benefit of this command is when using the `--ledger` flag, the command will retrieve the identities from the Ledger device and handle retries/ failures for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, a primary benefit of this command is when using the `--ledger` flag, the command will retrieve the identities from the Ledger device and handle retries/failures for you.
```

# Usage

```sh
ironfish wallet:multisig:dkg:create
```

The example below demonstrates how to run the entire DKG process for a group of two participants, a minimum of two signers, and creating an identity using a Ledger device.

<Terminal command="ironfish wallet:multisig:dkg:create \
--ledger \
--name MyMultisigAccount \
--minSigners 2 \
--totalParticipants 2
"
  output={`
Getting Ledger Identity... done

Collecting Participant Info and Performing Round 1...
Identity for ledger:
72b58c3e40bb489462b998bfb700b165bb0e243c71744061fb928ffd2e0a2c6c44a587279088fe3f672b57e509e6cc7eba26a50384a1cd21a425d6a73d5e00e90a3d84c4f846183a06773dc63cea2c99aa54c8ef78b87963574268c4d93a26cd1ce800cf97fb5494992ee2893aa798730b3a1fa5a64936a5d82ad7739bcf728a08

Enter 1 identities of all other participants (excluding yours)
Participant Identity #1: 72f9ec850199e49d1da7b95464136a6fea86970b0be2a3f4c9d910fce8791c7cfdd602bde9b38a45e9f03b34a732a2118a1b84edff85bdb2b8edb4ead7b47bae40cb2699c7102ac67050f89a3751e5eaa635386b9c5033bad03b2fd1ec65c606c4408d0c228c4fa9de60b727d161b210649fa39d3f9da23772608e857b91427b0f
Round1 on Ledger... Ledger Locked

> ? Ledger Locked. Unlock and press enter to retry: Retry

Reviewer: Do we want to keep the retries in the example?

Author: I'll remove it
